README.md, before:


#Celsius And Fahrenheit

**Hi Everybody!**

This is a weather app I built in objective-c to help in the morning. You see, my partner is Mexican and I am from the US, so every morning we talk about what the temperature is like outside to dress appropriately. But she relates to celsius and I only understand fahrenheit! The conversion is °F = °C x 9/5 + 32   or  °C = (°F - 32) x 5/9  depending on the direction and my mental math is not the best right when I wake up. Inspiration struck and this fun little app is the result. The illustrations are original and have some subtle and silly animations just for fun.  Hope you enjoy it!

Here are some screenshots.

![ScreenShot](https://github.com/roselloryan/roselloryan.github.io/blob/master/Screenshot6s1-350w.png)
![ScreenShot](https://github.com/roselloryan/roselloryan.github.io/blob/master/Screenshot6s2-350w.png)
![ScreenShot](https://github.com/roselloryan/roselloryan.github.io/blob/master/Screenshot6s3-350w.png)
![ScreenShot](https://github.com/roselloryan/roselloryan.github.io/blob/master/Screenshot6s4-350w.png)
![ScreenShot](https://github.com/roselloryan/roselloryan.github.io/blob/master/Screenshot6s5-350w.png)

copyright date: 2016 Ryan Rosello

Commit message:

Added link to demo video

README.md, after:


#Celsius And Fahrenheit

**Hi Everybody!**

This is a weather app I built in objective-c to help in the morning. You see, my partner is Mexican and I am from the US, so every morning we talk about what the temperature is like outside to dress appropriately. But she relates to celsius and I only understand fahrenheit! The conversion is °F = °C x 9/5 + 32   or  °C = (°F - 32) x 5/9  depending on the direction and my mental math is not the best right when I wake up. Inspiration struck and this fun little app is the result. The illustrations are original and have some subtle and silly animations just for fun.  Hope you enjoy it!

Here is an image that links to a demo video.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eXrTiSk3pw
[![Celsius And Fahrenheit](https://www.img.youtube.com/watch?v=1eXrTiSk3pw.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eXrTiSk3pw "Everything Is AWESOME")


And some screenshots in case you don't want to visit youTube.

![ScreenShot](https://github.com/roselloryan/roselloryan.github.io/blob/master/Screenshot6s1-350w.png)
![ScreenShot](https://github.com/roselloryan/roselloryan.github.io/blob/master/Screenshot6s2-350w.png)
![ScreenShot](https://github.com/roselloryan/roselloryan.github.io/blob/master/Screenshot6s3-350w.png)
![ScreenShot](https://github.com/roselloryan/roselloryan.github.io/blob/master/Screenshot6s4-350w.png)
![ScreenShot](https://github.com/roselloryan/roselloryan.github.io/blob/master/Screenshot6s5-350w.png)

copyright date: 2016 Ryan Rosello
